{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14180\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Crush Maven web assets\
\
Red 237 26 58\
Purple 153 63 152\
Blue 9 157 217\
\
\
1. Overall Font Style: Gotham Rounded Medium, unless otherwise specified\
\
2. Title Section \'96 Title Bar\
a. Color: white\
b. Opacity: 24%\
c. Height: 121 px\
\
\
3. Title Section \'96 Navigation Bar \
a. Font Size: 22\
b. Font Color: white\
\
\
4. Title Section \'96 Tagline\
a. Font Size: 38/41 (linespace), -25 letterspacing\
b. Font Color: white\
\
\
5. Title Section \'96 button\
a. Height: 239\
b. Width: 54\
\
\
6. Q&A Section \'96 information text\
a. Font size: 24\
b. Font color: red\
\
\
7. Q&A Section \'96 main subtitle \
a. Font size: 34/36\
b. Font color: red\
\
\
8. Q&A section \'96 question subtitle text \
a. Font size: 21\
b. Font color: black\
\
\
9. Q&A Section \'96 Answer Subtitle Text (note mixture of colors and italics, bolds)\
a. Font size: 20\
b. Font color: black\
\
\
10. Q&A Section \'96 purple text\
a. Font color: \
\
\
11. How it Works Section \'96 Subtitle\
a. Font Color: blue\
b. Font Size: 34\
\
12. How it works Section \'96 Background\
a. Color: 10% black \
\
13. How it Works Section \'96 Main Subtitle\
a. Font size: 34\
b. Font color: blue\
\
14. How it Works Section \'96 Secondary Subtitles\
a. Font size: all type in these sections is 20 pt, some bold\
b. Font color:\
\
15. How it Works Section \'96 information text\
a. Font size: 20\
b. Font color: black\
\
\
16. Who Will Know Section \'96 Background\
a. Color 10% black\
\
\
17. Who Will know Section \'96 Main Subtitle\
a. Font size: 34\
b. Font color:\
\
\
18. Who Will Know Section \'96 Secondary Subtitles\
a. Font size: 20\
b. Font color\
\
\
19. Who Will Know Section \'96 Information text\
a. Font size: 20\
b. Font color:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
20. Who It Works on Section\
a. Main head Font size: 34\
b. Subhead Font size: 20\
c. Text Font size: 20\
\
\
\
}